The Blackbird
Mama, it's a birdie!
A pretty black birdie!
It's so shiny, Mama!
It's got big, round eyes!
It's pretty!
Amo, don't bother the black bird.
It doesn't like you.
It's never going to like you.
Aww, really?
Stinky bird!
Amo hates you the most! Go away!
Amo hates your stinky, ugly feathers!
And your big, stupid eyes!
That's enough, Amo.
What did I say about leaving the bird alone?
Now come along.
Mama, where are we going to now?
We're going to see someone who's got a big, wonderful surprise
just for you.
Look.
Huh?
Mama?
Isn't it nice, Amo?
And you know what?
He told Mama that he'll love you forever and ever.
You are such a lucky girl
to have someone like that.
Huh?
Lucky you.
Forever...
and ever?
...
That man really love
Samba that much!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
...
I love you.
It's like a castle!
Stay inside, okay? It's not safe.
This house is so pretty.
I know Mama would love to come see it.
You should forget her.
Your Mama decided she doesn't want to be around you anymore.
But that's okay.
I'm going to take care of you from now on.
I'll help you grow up right and love you more than she ever could.
So many picture books!
So much to eat!
So many pretty clothes.
Hey, mister.
Do you get all of these nice things because of your job?
You're so smart.
Yes, I get them because I'm a trafficker.
My job gives me more than I'll ever need.
But...
They hate me!
All of them!
All the other traffickers think I'm less than scum!
Why are they so mean to me?
I try to act normal, but they always say I'm creepy!
It's not fair!
I'm a giver!
I'm not like other traffickers!
He's doing it again.
Amo.
Remember what I told you?
About how your room was made to be used for a ritual?
Let's use it for our special ritual.
I think that'll change...
You're not going to hear me up.
Um...
I don't know...
It's just...
Amo's heart beats so fast whenever she does that ritual.
It makes it hard to breathe.
And it hurts.
I see.
Amo!
You're in love!
It's true!
You're just like the girl in the story!
Hey!
Remember when she fell in love with her prince?
It's exactly the same!
You've fallen in love with me.
Okay.
So this is a first love!
You're not alone.
Huh?
You're never alone.
You're not alone.
You never, never will be.
Never.
You're not alone.
You are never alone.
I'm in love.
Never alone.
I'm so happy I know what this feeling is.
Never.
Huh?
Who's there?
Never left you forever!
We're never left you forever!
We're never left for ever!
We're never left forever!
Forever!
For No COPYCAT!
We're never left for ever!
They're good,
Son.
Yeah!
We never did this.
A Fuck!
This is chaos!
Yeah,
Peniel,
Hey!
Pe infectious.
Wan here?
Yeah.
тол 알가
Welmay we'll see me later.
idah
Graffiti, fiend, fire, ninja
All no more good graffiti tonight
So, so, so, so, hold you
Who will clean up the dirt?
What's the point of being me?
I'm the one who's the one
Never let me go, never let me go, never let me go
It's like it's a lie
Love, love me, it's on me
The things I'll teach and explain
And you'll face it
I want you to hold me
So that you can destroy me
Goodbye, I'll blow away
The love in my heart
Flip me off the ground
Find me again
Tonight again again
And I'll let it stay
Please don't mind us
Who the hell are you people?
Why are you here?
I never said you could come in
This place is just for me and Amo
You can't... hey!
Get out
Get out now!
Or I'll be dragging your corpses out of here!
Don't think I won't!
I'm a giver!
I can stomp you to death with my vital instrument!
I believe these are better suited to you than him
You know the little pieces that fell out of your heart?
These will fill them back up
I'm sure you will
I believe these are better suited to you than him
Yes, it seems this is the closest available
Come
Young miss
Those are yours now
Until they will be
Give them lots of love till then
Hold on, are you...
An angel...
I am the help from the advent of Romeo
I have
Four head domination
You tell me
You and Romeo
I'll эту one you
Root murmur
They flew away
They flew away, did you see?
Angels! They were real angels! Isn't it wonderful?
Angels are real! They're not just in picture books!
Um, oh?
Oh, sorry. One of them hit you. Does it still hurt?
You little thieving bitch! Try to steal those from me! Those boots are mine, you hear?
You think a dirty whore like you is worthy of touching my boots? Answer me!
I'm sorry!
Hey, parasite! Why do you always do this? How many times do I have to teach you to do what I say? Stupid! Stupid!
This feels weird. Doesn't feel normal.
Normally, it doesn't feel like anything. It stopped feeling like anything.
But there's a noisy feeling in Amo's heart. Did the boots do that?
Amo's heart?
That's right. The angels said the boots suited Amo better. Because they suit Amo better.
That means they belong to Amo now.
And no one else can have them!
Amo's heart?
So I...I just wanted to apologize...
Ruto! Where have you been? She was telling us everything. Like, everything. You're gonna want to let her finish first.
Huh?
How can this be? They're mine. I'm not telling them to do anything. They can't be responding to you. It's impossible! Final instructions!
Final instruments are only usable by their owners! That's how they're supposed to work!
Why is mine reacting to you?
Maybe it's because they weren't yours from the start?
Amo doesn't know about vital instruments. They sound like they're special. But the boots...the angels said they suited Amo best.
It's weird, but...when Amo holds them close...
Her heart feels so full. It's like...Amo found a piece of her she lost. Like when an old toy wakes up again with new batteries...
For the first time. That makes them very special to Amo.
Please, mister. Can Amo say they're hers?
Darling, you should know it's not nice to take other people's things. That may be hard for a stray like you to understand, but it's courtesy. What could people do?
But Amo doesn't get it. You...you take things from others. You have lots and lots of stuff from people you meet at your job.
And Amo asked nicely, even though she didn't want to. The angels said it! The boots suited Amo better, so she should have them, right?
But Amo promised to take care of them.
So you think you're more worthy of them than me? Why are you insisting on being such an obstinate brat today? Do I need to teach you all over again?
Mister, please! Amo's feeling a lot of different feelings right now! They're all jumbled together inside. There's brave, and annoyed, and sad.
She's also thinking of others, too.
Lots of not-good things she wants to do right now!
But...
Amo won't ask for anything else ever. So may Amo please have them. She really wants them. They're her missing pieces.
They're mine! Do I have to beat it into your head again? No one can have what's mine!
And these boots are mine alone! I thought I raised you to be a good girl, not a stubborn ass who doesn't do what she's told!
Now give me what's mine! Come on! Give them back!
AAAAAAAAHHHHHH!
You're so mean! You're so mean!
She asked! Amo asked so many times, and now we have to do what she says!
You said you loved Amo! You said you did!
AAAAAAAAHHHH!
AAAAAAAAAAHHH!
AAAAAAAAAH!
AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!
AAGGH!
GahoB!
flows expecting sympathy
Ha You're so focused right now!
When do I know you're here?
Oopsie.
Mister, why did you take Amo away?
Why her?
Did she feel good living here all this time, just you and her?
Did she have to come here at all?
Why did Mama introduce Amo to you in the first place?
No, that's not it.
Amo understands now.
She let Amo have love.
You were a really good friend.
First love, Mister.
Amo will never forget you.
The angel came back.
Flying high.
Flying high in the sky.
But there was only one that time.
You know, I didn't expect her to tell us about the angel while telling her her life story.
You poor dear.
You've been through so much.
Any theories on what her angel actually is?
I mean, it's gotta be a spherite, right?
Perhaps a giver with the power to grow wings?
Or it's nothing.
I don't know.
She's clearly mentally unstable.
She might have imagined the whole thing.
But the real question is, if real, how do angels cross the border?
They fly with their wings.
Do you remember where the angel landed?
Past where Amo could see.
That doesn't help us at all.
Hey, Amo.
How long ago was it that you saw the angel?
A month ago, maybe.
Now that is interesting.
That's right around when we were little.
When Ruto made his glorious descent.
Huh.
You asshole.
Okay.
So that's where you ran to.
All the way down to the ground.
And you even had a friend with you.
Good to know.
I'm sure you've been waiting for this.
This is exactly what I've been waiting for!
I hope those shitbags are coming after me.
Because I'm for sure coming after them.
And now I know you're down here with me.
Just you wait.
No matter what it takes, I will find you.
And you will tell me everything.
How to get back up to the sphere.
Why you murdered Recto.
And the last thing you'll ever do is apologize to me.
I'M GOING TO BUILD THE MEDITATION'S BODY AND BUILD THE fuerte Recto.
Wait.
I was thinking your life...
I'm sorry, but...
You want more time with me.
What would you like me to do.
Dad, you rich.
I'm saying give me more time.
Every behavior in my life is a Nun to you.
I'mSONAMUSORIG还有pelo
You may have it, returns cored smaller.
No!
No.
You didn't bring my абсолютно neweds!
What with all the CF liar things.
Amo knows because she's gotten back the feelings humans are supposed to have.
But becoming human made Amo understand some things she never understood.
Like how what Mister was doing to her wasn't really love.
That she's lonely, and how she doesn't want to be lonely anymore.
She wants to be with someone, wants to be wanted.
But she's too scared to leave her walled garden.
So she waited, hoping for people to come and find her.
Waited to make friends with people who came to her garden.
But it never went how Amo hoped it would.
Even this time.
You came back to say you're sorry to Amo, right?
You don't have to do that.
You did what Amo did first.
Not just Amo.
It's everyone.
We only use our hands when we want to hurt somebody.
And that's why nothing ever changes.
Then...
Let's try and be different.
We can learn how to use our hands to help others.
To connect.
I still don't know how.
But maybe we can work on it together.
You're already doing it.
You're really not coming?
Yep.
Amo has some things to work on before she's ready to leave.
But she'd still like for Ruto to come visit, sometime.
Sure thing.
All right.
Enough yapping.
I'll come by again sometime, Amo.
See you later.
Yeah.
Later.
Well, we still don't know how to cross the damn border.
But at least we're not going to the desert.
That's a good thing.
I hope we can find someone to help us.
I don't know.
We're not going to the desert.
We're going to get lost.
border but i'd still consider this a victory we've confirmed that there are people out there who can
cross the border and found another vital instrument that's just like bruto's you mean that series
purple guy mentioned right think that emblem means the boots are part of it too it's possible
what's wrong with me i don't think i'd have stopped hitting amo if everyone hadn't stepped in
then the second i hear about that angel piece of the rage comes flooding back
i just want to hurt someone i don't know why amo got through to me but i'm kind of glad she did
he said later it'd be nice to have a real sleepover next time
it's you
what are you no
man this desert's a at least it was worth it i'd be mad upset if i wasted my time
too you stupiduncious
so it begins
offen
do you have some sarcasm
i could be there i mean no i you know hurt someone
in attributes i made things a little bit sausages
this kind of stuff aula
this kind of stuff
writer
this
is
so
i will
know